{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11120\viewh9880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Around the World\'94 is a song released in 1997 by the French electronic music duo Daft Punk. Lyrics to this song features a phrase that is as discernible as the title, being repeated almost 150 times. The song, much like the music video uses very clear and simple elements, and emphasizes repetition. The rather abstract video portrays various groups of people walking around a large vinyl that can be seen as a \'91world\'92 shaped performance area. The robotic movements of the performers could potentially represent humans as machines or automatons in a repetitive world. \
\
The director of this music video, Michel Gondry, stated that he, \'93\'85had never done a video with a dance number because most of the time I hated them. It\'92s always about energy and sex, and the choreography is cut in pieces to enhance the pacing of the editing. Everything I hate.\'94 This video served to be highly unconventional due to its unique concepts involving fewer cuts, \'93\'85No expression, no fast editing, no close ups.\'94 Gondry related the concept of the dancers to how we view a group of moving bodies, same as how we watch a ballet performance, where  \'93Geometric patterns are created in the space by bodies that seem entirely dedicated to this function\'94. \
\
As for the group of hip-hop and classical dancers, Gondry separated each instrument into bodily patterns:\
\
The bass line showed small headed athletes going up and down the stairs, the mechanical rhythm of the drum machines were danced by the mummies on top of a circular riser, the disco girls represented the synthesizers who would go up the stairs to provoke the athletes and run back down to escape them, the skeleton were the guitars that would contort themselves in four different directions to match the four bar patterns a la \'91Macarena\'92 dance routines, and finally the robots were the vocoders that would enter the arena and progress till the sound stops and remains static to the next loop. \
\
This video showcased a closed narrative as we only watch the dancing of the respective groups, except when they break in individualism towards the end of the song, where they joined in synchronization. The \'91build up\'92 and pacing of the music mimics that of a club crowd. It doesn\'92t formally end, other than it fading to black, suggesting that the groups on the vinyl do not go away and remain dancing. With dancers seeming highly isolated in their movements and actions, it reinforces the idea that the dancers are not people and suggests a lack of sentient thought. The audience is then forced to focus on the sounds of the music.  \
\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Due to the simple premise of this video, the shots include that of\'a0medium-long shots, high angle shots, long shots, and a bird\'92s eye shot. The minimal variation reflects that of the music and simplicity of the concept. To emphasize the equal importance in the sound construction of the music, no dancer is given any particular star treatment. The only effects used are the practical 150 color lightings that were all computer driven, which reinforces the scenario of a European disco scene. The overall combination of various costumes, lighting and stage gives the video an eccentric and quirky feel. \
}